- My name is Alex Wu and I'm from Taiwan. I recently graduated from Santa Clara University with a master's in Computer Science and Engineering.
- My first programming experience was when I was in college. At that time, my department was like business analysis. I used python crawlers and built machine learning models. I began to wonder about how it works behind the scenes, such as how data is transmitted, how the operating system works. So I became more and more interested in computer science and started to pursue a master's degree in computer science.
- I have worked on multiple projects, most of which I have devoted to the backend. I learned how to build a scalable server and API gateway, and important concepts about backend, such as load balancing, cache, CDN. I also participated in the process of deploying servers in the company, which gave me a deeper understanding of docker and containerize world. In terms of career planning, I am developing in the direction of a fullstack engineer, so in addition to having most of the backend experience in the past, I also started to work on some frontend projects.
- I'm interested in playing basketball. I was a basketball player on the team of my department. Although I'm not very good on it (often be benched in games), I still love the time playing basketball with friends. I am also interested in outdoor water activities. I love to river tracing, rafting, and diving. I plan to take diving courses and apply diving license in the near future. Additionally, I love to watch situation comedy. My favorite one is The Big Bang Theory! I also like Modern Family, Brooklyn 99, How I Met Your Mother, and so on. In my mind, there's one little dream to become a situation comedy actor. I may go to acting classes after I settle down my life in the bay area.

<!---
alexwu727/alexwu727 is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->
